Thanks for this manuscript. I think this is an excellent start. Please make
absolutely sure that no one has done this before and finish this ASAP.

1) Please search the literature using the same method under a different name
(evaluating dielectric constant?) which was pointed out by Lucas Wagner and
described in some textbook.

    STATUS: TODO

3) I think that the first 3 paragraphs of intro are unnecessary or
significantly compressed. The abstract should be compressed to contain only
new and significant information. Many sentences are too vague for a scientific
article.

    STATUS: DONE

4) In intro, “Whether this theorem … remains to be seen” -> I feel that we can
say that the theorem does not hold because proofs are mathematically not valid
in the case of an infinite system. In Yamada paper, we clearly state “… the
theorem does not hold” in Section IIIE Homogeneous electron gas.

    STATUS: DONE

5) I am not sure if the 2 objectives of the intro are accurate or particularly
compelling. To me,  
  
  (1) we wanted to know if the singlet/triplet instability
      theorems’ conclusions apply to HEG. The answer seems decisive “NO” because
      triplet instabilities do not even exist at many densities. So, the pursuit of
      the theorems for solids is futile. 
  (2) Conclusion (1) appears to contradict
      with Overhauser’s theorem for GHF (esp. when GHF instability matrix = UHF
      instability matrix), but it does not because instability is only a sufficient
      (weaker) condition for/than a lower-energy solution (stronger). 
  (3) Given (2), we are curious how the instability detection (weaker) and direct minimization
      (stronger) for UHF differ from each other. They seem consistent/similar for
      UHF, while they are different for GHF (2) 

   STATUS: DONE

6) I think it important to point out the difference between (a) instability
and (b) lower energy solution. As you corrected me, (a) -> (b) but not (b) ->
(a). So the first sentence of II. METHOD is vague and misleading (also “To
determine … is to determine” is awkward).

   STATUS: DONE

7) In Eq. (6), we might keep the 2-e interaction general V(1,2) or something
given it can be delta function.

  STATUS: DONE

8) I wonder if Eqs. (3) & (4) are spinorbital based, whereas Eqs. (7) are
spatial-orbital based.

  STATUS: DONE

9) Eq. (13) is different from Eq. (41) of Yamada paper. Have you reproduced
the analytical energy bands from your numerical calc?

  STATUS: TODO

10) We might also mention GHF instability = UHF instability (in relation to
Overhauser’s theorem).

  STATUS: Should we include the proof in an appendix perhaps?


STATUS: DEPRECATED - Analysis change makes these no longer apply

    11) Fig. 1 is not quite informative. It’s hard to tell the crossing of zero
    axis. Can we extrapolate to infinite k points? We can clearly say is that the
    curves are monotonic with rs and #kpoints (any explanation for the latter?).
    So, once a negative eigenvalue is achieved increasing k points does not
    reverse it, and so computational transition rs is an upper bound.

    12) Fig. 2 1D curves have steps. Why (just an artifact of log plot)?

    13) Fig. 3 Can we extrapolate the transition rs at infinite #kpoints? (Or
    better yet we extrapolate the negative eigenvalue at each rs at infinite
    #kpoints first and then interpolate the transition rs next.)


14) Table I should compare with literature values. should list all transition rs 
     obtained by previous studies.

    STATUS: TODO

15) “which is to be expected from Overhauser’s proof …” -> is this true? What
about 3D Overhauser’s theorem? If this statement was true, wouldn’t we have a
contradiction at 3D? My take is that our calculations cannot agree nor
contradict with Overhauser’s theorems at any dimension because instability
and lower-energy solution are different conditions.

   STATUS: TODO


STATUS: Rewrite of conclusion needed
